really what is this you were hot yeah
I'd really had to get any more
compliments mom it could really do a lot
of permanent damage this movie is about
a group of teenagers and their parents
navigating the new world that we all are
trying to figure out social media
instantaneous access to what each other
is thinking doing see and all these
stories intertwine and are really fun in
the way okay you've read through every
solitary interaction I've had on every
single website mom I think I'm safe from
the Predators honey you know I just do
this to keep you safe okay let me see
your phone on the adult side of things
you have the parents you are extreme in
either direction so you're a
photographer no it's just a hobby we use
the photos on Hannah's acting website
you sure you're comfortable yeah she's
lucky she has a mother who's in the
business tell me about it
and they're so wrapped up in their own
problems they're not even seeing what's
happening right under their nose oh my
god the message of the movie is
ultimately everyone just wants
connection so I feel what right now it's
been almost two hours okay fine it's
gotta be quick don't worry it won't be
we define ourselves a lot by how we
connect with people how we love people
and I think this new technological age
that we're living in we're evolving
differently in that arena my first
reaction was only Jason Reitman could
pull this off he is always finding funny
and kind of a black comedy way that's
why I think it'll resonate for longer
and with more people because it is funny
before you go I want to give you a
pamphlet about the dangers of selfies
thanks that's helpful I have a secret
don't seem to understand how dangerous
it is on there
hey what's happening movie fans I've got
an interesting movie fact for all you
Fast and Furious fans out there
even if you're not you can still stay
tuned now did you know that Michelle
Rodriguez who plays Letty did not have a
driver's license before she began
filming for the first movie of the
series interesting so I wonder which one
of the team told her to drive who would
be your choice of drive instructor let
us know in the comments below that's all
for today I'm Valerie and remember don't
bark
if you can't bite see ya